Although Xia Xiner is the mother of the child
But Ji doesn't like him
Add to that what he's doing now
I don't think he's a good mother
I don't mind if you have kids.
Three years later, when Xiaoji grows up and becomes more sensible
We will divorce
I went to wash Xiaoqi's 5 years of childhood
If you can get married
No, it's just my name
Is it a good time to approach Xiaoqi?
Wait until the relationship with Xiaoqi gets better
I'll take her away again
It's the best of both worlds.
But
This doesn't seem to be directly related to me, does it?
One hundred million to be the mother of my children
Three years.
You are a duck
Is this check fake?
Xia Ruyan
You still think I'm a duck?
If you have any brains, you will search the Internet
I am the lord of Lu Tingyue
Lu Ting Yuejiang City's richest man
Lu Sanye, the eldest plum person of the Lu family
You are the president of Lu Group